Improve UG: Layout, Image, Todo and search (#259)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-W15-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

### 6.1. Layout

![SoConnect GUI](images/SoConnectGUI.png)

> When you launch SoConnect, SoConnect will appear in the form of Graphical User Interface (<a href="#gui">GUI</a>). Let's look at the layout of the different components in SoConnect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you launch SoConnect, SoConnect will appear as a Graphical User Interface (<a href="#gui">GUI</a>). Let's look at the layout of the different components in SoConnect.
```

**SoConnect's GUI Components:**

![SoConnect GUI With Label](images/SoConnectGUIWithLabel.png)

> #### 6.1.1 Command Box

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### 6.1.1. Command Box
```

![Command Box](images/CommandBox.png)

> * Command box allows you to enter commands for actions that you wish to perform. Try typing `help` in the command box and see what happens!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Command Box allows you to enter commands for actions that you wish to perform. Try typing `help` in the command box and see what happens!
```

> #### 6.1.2 Result Box

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### 6.1.2. Result Box
```

**Success message**:
![Result Box Success](images/ResultBoxSuccess.png)

**Error message**:
![Result Box Error](images/ResultBoxError.png)

> * The result box provides a feedback message after a command is entered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Result Box provides a feedback message after a command is entered.
```

* The feedback message will either be a success message to indicate that the command has successfully executed or an error message to inform you that there is an error with the command that you just entered.

> #### 6.1.3 Contact List

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### 6.1.3. Contact List
```

![Contact List With Label](images/ContactListWithLabel.png)

* Contact list displays the contacts with their information in the contact card.

> #### 6.1.4 Todo List

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### 6.1.4. Todo List
```

</div>

**Example Input in Command Box:**
```

> `edit 7 p/91234567 e/johndoe@example.com`

Reviewer 3: Remove quotes as its already in a code block.

```

**Example Result:**

Before:

![Contact Edit Before](images/ContactEditBefore.png)

After:

![Contact Edit After](images/ContactEditAfter.png)

<br>

#### 7.2.3. Listing all contacts : `list`

Whenever you need to view a list of all the contacts you have in your SoConnect, you can easily do so using the `list` command. You can directly use the `list` command without the need of any parameters!

**Format:** `list`

<br>

#### 7.2.4. Searching for a contact: `search`

You can easily find the contacts that you are interested in using the `search` command as shown below. The `search` command has two formats - `and` condition and `or` condition search, it also comes with [autocomplete](#autocomplete) feature to help you to search more efficiently without typing the command in full.

**1. `and` Condition Search:**

> If you are looking for a very specific search, you can use `and` condition search to search for contacts that have information matches **all** the given parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are looking for a very specific search result, you can use `and` condition search to search for contacts with information matching **all** of your given parameters.
```

**Format:** `search [and] [n/NAME] [p/PHONE] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]…`

* The search using `n/NAME` is case-insensitive. (e.g. `hans` will match `Hans`).
* At least 1 of the optional parameters must be provided.

> <div markdown="span" class="alert alert-primary">:bulb: **Tip:**<br/>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-success">

:bulb: **Tip **<br>
```

The preamble `and` is optional, so you can perform `and` condition search without including the word `and`, i.e. `search n/Alex p/12345678` gives the same result as `search and n/Alex p/12345678`.
</div>

**Example Input in Command Box:**
```

> `search and n/Bernice t/cs2100 t/friends`

Reviewer 3: Remove quotes

```

**Example Result:**

![And Condition Search](images/AndConditionSearch.png)

**2. `or` Condition Search:**

> If you wish to broaden your search result, you can use `or` condition search to search for contacts that have information matches **at least one** of the parameters given.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to broaden your search result, you can use `or` condition search to search for contacts with information matching **at least one** of your given parameters.
```

Format: `search or [n/NAME] [p/PHONE] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]…`

* The search using `n/NAME` is case-insensitive. (e.g. `hans` will match `Hans`).
* At least 1 of the optional parameters must be provided.

**Example Input in Command Box**
```

> `search or n/Bernice t/cs2100 t/friends`

Reviewer 3: Remove quotes

```

**Example Result**

![Or Condition Search](images/OrConditionSearch.png)

Notice there are more contacts listed as compared to `search and n/Bernice t/cs2100 t/friends`.

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-primary">

> **:memo: Note:**<br/>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**:memo: Note**<br/>
```

> For both `and` and `or` condition search, you still get a list of relevant contacts related to your search query if no search result available. This is useful as you might still get the contacts that you are searching for when you entered some characters wrongly.<br/><br/>A contact is considered relevant if there are high matches of characters between the contact information and search parameters. For example, the information `David Li` and `Charlotte` are relevant to `search n/al` because these names contain characters `a` and `l` in it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For both `and` and `or` condition search, you still get a list of relevant contacts related to your search query if there are no search results available. This is useful as you might still get the contacts that you are searching for when you entered some characters wrongly.<br/><br/>A contact is considered relevant if there are high matches of characters between the contact information and search parameters. For example, the information `David Li` and `Charlotte` are relevant to `search n/al` because these names contain characters `a` and `l` in it.
```

</div>

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">

> **:information_source: Note:**<br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**:information_source: Info**<br>
```

</div>

**Example Input in Command Box:**
```
sort n/!
```

**Example Result:**

![Sort Name Reverse](images/SortNameReverse.png)

**Example Input in Command Box:**
```

> `sort t/cs2100 n/`

Reviewer 3: Remove quotes

</div>

**Example Input in Command Box:**
```
`todo add d/cs2103 UG date/07-11-2022 pr/high t/cs2103`
```

**Example Result:**

![Todo Add](images/TodoAdd.png)

<br>

#### 7.3.2. Editing a todo : `todo edit`

You can update the information of a todo easily using the `todo edit` command as shown below. All you need is the `INDEX` of the todo you want to modify along with the parameters you want to update.

**Format:** `todo edit INDEX [d/DESCRIPTION] [date/DATE] [pr/PRIORITY] [t/TAG]…​`

* At least 1 of the 4 optional fields must be provided.
* Existing information will be overwritten with the parameters provided. Information of the parameters not provided will remain unchanged.

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-primary">
**:memo: Note:**<br/>

> [Tags](#tag) have to be created first before you can add them to a contact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tags](#tag) have to be created first before you can add them to a todo.
```

* Refer to [`Creating a Tag`](#741-creating-a-tag-tag-create) on how to create a tag.
</div>

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">
**:information_source: info:** <br/>

* You can use `todo edit` command to add or remove tags to a todo.
  * To add a tag, you can include all the existing tags in the todo as parameter together with the new tags that you wish to add.
  * To remove a tag, you can include all the existing tags in the todo excluding the tags that you wish to remove.
* `Coming soon in v1.5`, you can use `tag add` and `tag remove` to modify tags in a todo instead of only using `todo edit` to type all the tags in the todo to make modifications.

</div>

**Example Input in Command Box:**

```
`todo edit 2 pr/medium t/cs2103 t/cs2100`
```

**Example Result:**

Before:

![Todo edit before](images/TodoEditBefore.png)

After:

![Todo edit after](images/TodoEditAfter.png)

<br>

#### 7.3.3. Deleting a todo : `todo delete`

> You can delete a particular todo after you have completed the todo or you no longer wish to keep it. This can be done easily using the `todo delete` command. All you need is the `INDEX` of the contact!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can delete a particular todo after you have completed the todo or you no longer wish to keep it. This can be done easily using the `todo delete` command. All you need is the `INDEX` of the todo!
```

Want to view a particular list of todos? You can use the `todo show` commands to filter the todos that you want to see. There are different formats to the `todo show` command for different filter.

| Format                          | Result                                                       |
|---------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|
| `todo show`                     | Shows you all the todos in your SoConnect.                   |
| `todo show today`               | Shows you all the todos that you have to complete for today. |
| `todo show date/DATE`           | Shows you all the todos with the specified date.             |
| `todo show date/DATE1 to DATE2` | Shows you all the todos from `DATE1` to `DATE2`.             |
| `todo show pr/PRIORITY`         | Shows you all the todos with the specified priority.         |
| `todo show t/TAG`               | Shows you all the todos with the specified tag.              |

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">

**:information_source: Info:**<br>
Todo header tells you the todos that are shown in the todo list. 

</div>

**Example Input in Command Box:**

```

> `todo show pr/medium`

Reviewer 3: Remove quotes
